Well hard to think of a funny story in terms of a joke, but I'll tell
you one that's a good joke on me. We were standing watch one night on
the outside perimeter line around in Phu Bai, Vietnam and I was there
was an army staff sergeant and another marine corps sergeant and
the army staff sergeant regular ran the bunker and the other sergeant
and I were just there helping out that night in the army staff sergeant
dog started barking, so we thought maybe there was some Vietcong
or North Vietnamese army people who had gotten through the wire
and were out of the field where the dog was barking so we said well
I guess we gotta go out and check so the only thing I had with me that
night was my M1911 A-145 automatic pistol and the army sergeant had
an M16 so we were about a hundred meters one direction from the bunker
and I was a hundred meters in the other direction so here I am
standing out in this field about knee high grass of while the sergeant
who stayed in the bunker called one of the arms bunkers the shooting
bunkers out on the perimeter line and told to fire a pop up flares,
so there's a little rocket propelled flare that goes whoosh and
then as a flare so you see can see and I'm standing out there in the
grass waiting for this flare to go off hoping that I do the right
thing if we went off all all of a sudden it occured to me that I had
was this nineteen eleven was seven rounds in the magazine all I had
was seven bullets from a handgun I suppose what happens with a far
off that flare of a whole company of Vietnamese soldiers stand up from
the middle of the grass and they've all got rocket propelled grenade
launchers and I sat there and I sat there sat there and then it
got tense quiet and finally the flare went off. I must have almost jumped
about three feet straight in the air when that sucker went off
so if there was a VC in the grass, I would not be able to see him because
I was up way up in the air when that's didn't see anybody stood
out there for another couple minutes to make sure it in here but
he tried to get through the grass away from me we went back to the bunker
later on that day we saw the dark bog barkinh at another dog somewhere
down on the fence line and so we think that's what the dog
was barking at the previous night so that's to me that was pretty funny
when I come to think of it.